PREVIOUSLY ON
"SECRETS AND LIES"...
DID YOU KNOW
THAT TOM WAS MY SON?
NO.
JESS, I WOULD NEVER HURT TOM.
I KNOW WHO DID IT.
I AM NOT GONNA LET YOU
TAKE MY SON!
I WAS SCARED
OF MY OWN HUSBAND.
SCOTT!
LET HIM GO!
I DON'T CARE
WHAT THE TEST SAYS.
THAT WAS MY BOY.
DNA SAMPLE
SUBMITTED BY BEN CRAWFORD
REVEALED THAT HE
IS THE BOY'S BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
IT'S MARVELOUS
WHAT FORENSICS CAN TELL US.
WE'VE DETERMINED
THE MAKE AND MODEL
OF THE FLASHLIGHT USED
TO MURDER YOUR SON.
AND IF YOU DON'T GO TO PRISON,
I'M GONNA KILL YOU.
¶ YOU CAN SAY THERE'S
NO SUCH THING AS SANTA ¶
¶ BUT AS FOR ME AND GRANDPA... ¶
Dave:
IT'S A BAD IDEA, MAN.
YOU DIDN'T WAKE UP
WITH SCOTT IN YOUR FAMILY ROOM
THREATENING TO KILL YOU.
LISTEN, I-I GREW UP
WITH GUNS, OKAY?
MY POPS HAD GUNS.
GUNS ARE NOT
THE ANSWER.
ALTHOUGH THAT -- THAT'S
TOTALLY BALLER RIGHT THERE.
DAVE,
HE CAME INTO MY HOUSE.
OKAY, OKAY.
LISTEN,
WHEN I WAS A LITTLE KID,
I WAS TERRIFIED
OF THE BOOGEYMAN,
AND IT GOT REALLY BAD.
AND I SAID, "I'M GONNA TAKE
JUSTICE INTO MY OWN HANDS."
SO I GO OUTSIDE OF MY WINDOW
WITH A BASEBALL BAT,
IN THE BUSHES,
AND I FIGURE I'M GONNA CATCH
THE BOOGEYMAN IN THE ACT.
NO.
MY POPS WAKES UP,
HE SEES SOMEBODY OUTSIDE,
HE ALMOST BLOWS MY HEAD OFF
WITH A 12-GAUGE.
YOU GET IT?
STUPIDITY IS GENETIC?
NO.
IF YOU FEAR THE BOOGEYMAN,
YOU BECOME THE BOOGEYMAN.
YOU DIG IT?
IT'S DEEP, RIGHT?
YEAH.
I HAVE A FAMILY.
YOU DON'T.
YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND.
WHAT YOU LOOKING FOR?
I NEED A .45
FOR HOME DEFENSE.
GOT A NICE
USED GLOCK 21.
I'M JUST SAYING THAT
MAYBE WE'D ALL FEEL A LOT SAFER
IF YOU LEFT THE WHOLE
SCOTTY-SEARCH THING TO THE COPS.
AS LONG AS SCOTT IS FREE,
MY FAMILY ISN'T SAFE.
CORNELL'S SO CONVINCED
THAT I KILLED TOM,
SHE'S NOT EVEN
LOOKING FOR HIM.
WELL,
HOW ARE YOU GONNA FIND HIM?
SCOTT KNEW THE DNA RESULTS
BEFORE THEY LEAKED.
JESS WOULD NEVER
TELL HIM,
SO SHE HAD TO
TELL SOMEBODY.
AND WHOEVER IT IS,
THEY KNOW WHERE SCOTT IS.
Man: CRAWFORD.
CAN I HELP YOU?
HOPE YOU'RE BUYING THAT GUN
TO KILL YOURSELF.
[ SIGHS ]
THIS WAS A BAD IDEA.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
RIGHT HERE'S GOOD.
Reporter: THE LAW WAS DESIGNED
TO HELP...
HEY, DAD.
HEY, MONKEY.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
THE COUNCILMAN REFUSED TO
COMMENT ON THE NEW ORDINANCE.
WE WILL NOW CUT LIVE
TO OUR VERY OWN
CHANNEL 7 FIELD REPORTER,
WHO IS OUTSIDE THE HOME
OF BEN CRAWFORD,
WHO APPEARS TO BE A SUSPECT
IN THE MURDER...
DAVE'S ON TV!
...OF 5-YEAR-OLD TOM MURPHY.
IT WAS RECENTLY REVEALED
THAT CRAWFORD
WAS MURPHY'S BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT, ALL
RIGHT, ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT,
I'LL MAKE A STATEMENT.
PLEASE DON'T.
I'M ONLY GONNA SAY
THIS ONCE. I'M GONNA BE
VERY CLEAR ABOUT THIS.
I DID NOT HAVE...
[ As Bill Clinton ]
SEXUAL RELATIONS
WITH THAT WOMAN, MISS LEWINSKY.
Man: TELL US ANYTHING LEGITIMATE
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED?
THANK YOU! GOOD NIGHT!
WHO'S "LOU INSKI"?
IT'S AN OLD FRIEND
OF DAVE'S.
WHY DO THEY THINK DAVE HAD
SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH HIS WIFE?
NO, THEY SAID
"SPECIAL RELATION."
HEY.
HEY, NAT.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
GREAT.
I LOVED EXPLAINING
TO MY FRIENDS
THAT THE DEAD BOY
I USED TO BABYSIT
IS MY DAD'S
ILLEGITIMATE LOVE CHILD.
HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S MAKEUP, YOU IDIOT!
I'M ONLY USING A LITTLE.
Ben: GIRLS, STOP IT!
STOP! STOP!
HEY, GIRLS, STOP IT! STOP.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
DIDN'T BUY IT
FOR HER STUPID COLLAGE.
DON'T TALK TO YOUR SISTER
LIKE THAT.
SHE'S A THIEF
AND YOU YELL AT ME?
Abby: SHE BOUGHT IT
FOR COOPER'S PARTY.
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT.
SHE'S BEEN EAVESDROPPING AGAIN.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
ABOUT THAT?
ALL RIGHT,
WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT
RESPECTING
YOUR SISTER'S PRIVACY.
I'M SORRY FOR NOT RESPECTING
YOUR PRIVACY, NATALIE.
THAT'S IT?
WHAT'S THIS PARTY?
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
COOPER'S BROTHER'S TURNING 21
AND HAVING SOME FRIENDS OVER.
UH-HUH.
YOU'RE 16.
YOU DON'T TRUST ME?
WHEN YOU HIDE THINGS
FROM US,
IT MAKES IT A LITTLE DIFFICULT
TO TRUST YOU.
YOU HATE COOPER. YOU'D SAY NO.
I DON'T HATE COOPER.
YOU DON'T?
SO I CAN GO?
NO.
IT'S NOT AGE-APPROPRIATE.
COME ON, MAN.
CUT HER SOME SLACK.
YOU CAN PARENT YOUR TEENAGERS
WHEN THEY FIND YOU.
MOM, ALL OF MY FRIENDS
ARE GONNA BE THERE.
YOUR FATHER SAID NO.
YOU HAVE OUR ANSWER.
WHAT?!
I'M PRACTICALLY AN ADULT.
YOU REALLY WANT
TO HAVE A CONVERSATION
ABOUT BEING
AN ADULT?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
YOU LOOK NICE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT?
WHERE YOU GOING?
COMPANY CHRISTMAS THING.
BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS.
THEY NEW?
GIFT FROM A CLIENT.
EXPENSIVE.
I GUESS.
CHRISTY,
I'M SORRY.
FOR KNOCKING UP JESS
OR LETTING ME FIND OUT ON TV?
CHRISTY...
Reporter: MRS. CRAWFORD,
HOW DID YOU FEEL
WHEN YOU FOUND OUT YOUR HUSBAND
WAS TOM'S FATHER?
ARE THEY STILL
SLEEPING TOGETHER?
BEN, DOES SCOTT KNOW
YOU'RE TOM'S DAD?
BEN, DID YOU KNOW
TOM WAS YOUR SON?
MR. CRAWFORD,
HAVE YOU SPOKEN TO...
[ REPORTERS SHOUTING
INDISTINCTLY ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
MR. CRAWFORD, HAVE YOU SPOKEN
TO DETECTIVE CORNELL?
GIVE US A STATEMENT.
PLEASE, ANYTHING.
MRS. CRAWFORD!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST TRYING
TO AVOID THE CAMERAS.
THEY'VE BEEN THIRSTY
EVER SINCE THEY FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE DNA.
YEAH.
I'M SORRY THAT THE NEWS
BROKE OUT ON TV.
IS CHRISTY OKAY?
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M FINE.
AND SOMETIMES...
SOMETIMES, I'M NOT.
WHEN I WAKE UP
IN THE MORNING AND...
...JUST FOR A SECOND,
I FORGET.
AND TOM'S ALIVE
AND HE'S HAPPY.
THEN I REMEMBER.
YOU KNOW, THE DOCTORS
PRESCRIBED ME PAIN KILLERS,
BUT I JUST --
I HATE PILLS.
HAVE YOU HEARD
FROM SCOTT?
NO.
HE KNEW
BEFORE IT LEAKED.
TOM WAS MY SON.
I DIDN'T TELL ANYONE.
THE ONLY PERSON
THAT I TOLD WAS MY SISTER.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
IT DOESN'T EVEN RING.
IT GOES STRAIGHT TO VOICEMAIL.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I MEAN, NICOLE GOT
ALL HER CLASSES COVERED
SO SHE COULD BE AROUND
FOR ME.
THERE'S NO WAY THAT SHE DOESN'T
PICK UP MY PHONE CALL.
SOMETHING HAS TO BE WRONG.
[ A PLACE TO BURY STRANGERS'
"WORSHIP" PLAYING ]
[ VOLUME INCREASES ]
¶ I'M GONNA TAKE YOU ¶
Jess: SCOTT?
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
NO! DON'T.
DON'T, JESS.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
ALL RIGHT. THAT'S --
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
YES, MA'AM.
ALL RIGHT, THIS WAY.
LET THEM KNOW
WE'RE EN ROUTE.
WHAT DID SCOTT SAY?
DID HE ADMIT
THAT HE KILLED TOM?
I'M SORRY, MRS. MURPHY,
I CAN'T DISCLOSE THAT.
BUT AS SOON AS I HAVE
SOMETHING TO TELL YOU, I WILL.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
GO ON HOME.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I DIDN'T SAY THANK YOU,
MR. CRAWFORD.
YOU SHOULD.
I FOUND SCOTT.
ARE YOU AWARE
THAT 75% OF CHILD KILLERS
INJECT THEMSELVES
INTO THE INVESTIGATION?
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ CAR DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ RING CLATTERS ]
HEY.
HI.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
WE FOUND SCOTT.
"WE"?
I'M TIRED.
I NEED
TO GO TO BED.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
[ SIGHING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
[ DOOR HINGES CREAK ]
GOOD MORNING.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UH, SHE WANTED TO FILE AN APPEAL
ABOUT THE PARTY.
IT WAS REJECTED.
LISTEN,
I PROMISED ABBY
I WOULD TAKE HER
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING AFTER SCHOOL,
BUT I HAVE A HOUSE
TO SHOW.
SO CAN YOU...?
THAT'S FINE.
I'LL DO IT.
WELL, THANKS.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU FOUND SCOTT.
IT'S DONE.
SO YOU CAN
STOP INVESTIGATING, RIGHT?
OKAY.
Abby: CAN WE HANG LIGHTS LIKE
THESE ON OUR HOUSE THIS YEAR?
WITH EVERYTHING
THAT'S GOING ON,
I'M NOT SURE
IF THAT'S A GOOD IDEA, MONKEY.
THE NEIGHBORS
PUT UP LIGHTS.
YEAH, BUT THEY PUT THEM UP
BEFORE TOM DIED
AND BEFORE ALL THOSE REPORTERS
WERE CAMPED OUT.
IF WE HANG THEM NOW,
PEOPLE MIGHT THINK
WE'RE NOT SAD ABOUT TOM.
BUT YOU ALWAYS SAY I SHOULDN'T
CARE WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK.
WELL,
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
'CAUSE THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD'S
GRIEVING.
I'M SAD.
I'M SURE
YOU ARE, TOO.
BUT I KIND OF
DON'T KNOW HOW TO FEEL.
I MEAN, HE WAS TOM
FROM ACROSS THE STREET,
BUT HE WAS ALSO
MY BROTHER.
IT'S CONFUSING.
I HAVE AN IDEA.
WHAT IF WE HUNG LIGHTS
INSIDE THE HOUSE?
THAT COULD BE COOL.
CAN I PICK THEM OUT?
YEAH.
THERE YOU GO.
[ WOMAN LAUGHS ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ SIGHS ]
Santa: HO, HO, HO!
HA, HA, HO, HO, HO!
[ Distorted ]
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
COME ON.
HOLD MY HAND.
LET'S GO TELL SANTA
WHAT YOU WANT FOR CHRISTMAS.
MOM.
ALL THIS FROM THE GIRL
WHO MADE US WAIT IN LINE TWICE
'CAUSE SHE COULDN'T REMEMBER
WHICH DOLL SHE WANTED.
YEAH.
AREN'T YOU EXCITED? TOM!
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
WAIT, TOM!
Ben: WHOA!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
[ SCOFFS ]
I THOUGHT HE WAS EXCITED
TO COME SEE SANTA.
I DON'T KNOW.
GIVE ME A MINUTE.
Santa:
HO, HO, HO!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
HEY, BUDDY.
YOU DON'T WANT TO LET YOUR MOM
KNOW YOU'RE SCARED, HUH?
DAD'S NOT AFRAID
OF ANYTHING.
NO,
HE'S NOT.
YOUR DAD
FIGHTS REAL BAD GUYS.
DUDES WAY SCARIER
THAN SANTA.
BUT I'LL TELL YOU
A SECRET.
YOU READY?
DADS AND SONS
ARE THE SAME.
MADE FROM THE SAME PARTS
AND THE SAME PIECES.
SO THAT MEANS YOU HAVE YOUR
DAD'S COURAGE RIGHT IN THERE.
YOU JUST DON'T KNOW IT
'CAUSE YOU HAVEN'T TRIED IT OUT
ON SOMETHING
YOU'RE SUPER SCARED OF,
BUT YOU HAVE IT.
I PROMISE.
FEEL IT?
IS IT IN THERE?
YEAH?
GO GET 'EM.
Girl: CHEESE!
YOU READY
TO GO SEE SANTA?
[ WOMAN LAUGHS ]
THANKS, SANTA!
I WANT TO SEE
THE PICTURE, MOM!
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
I GOT THE SNOWBALL
AND CANDY-CANE ONES.
THAT'S GREAT.
LET'S GO HOME
AND PUT THEM UP.
¶ IT'S CHRISTMASTIME ¶
Ben: NAT,
MOM'LL BE HOME SOON,
SO IF YOU WANT TO CHANGE BEFORE
THE FAIR, YOU PROBABLY --
OKAY,
I FOUND ONE.
THIS IS
SO HURTING ME.
HERE.
GRAB THAT.
I DIDN'T EVEN
PUT IT IN YET.
OKAY.
HERE? IS THAT GOOD?
NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
FURTHER.
OH, MAN.
HERE?
YEAH. FURTHER.
FURTHER.
KEEP IT COMING.
COME ON.
HE'S GONNA FALL.
FURTHER THAN THAT?
YEP.
IT NEEDS
TO BE FURTHER.
IT'S RIGHT OVER
THE THING THERE.
COME ON.
KEEP IT COMING.
OH, MY GOD.
[ GROANS ]
OH, GOD!
[ LAUGHS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU.
[ LAUGHING ]
OOH!
OH!
[ LAUGHTER ]
GET DOWN!
[ LAUGHS ]
CAN I GET A LADDER,
PLEASE?
[ SIGHS ] YES.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ LAUGHING ]
ABBY, DON'T -- DON'T GROW UP
TO BE LIKE THIS ONE.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
Christy: BEN?
YOU READY?
WE HAVE TO GO.
UH, JUST GIVE ME
TWO MINUTES.
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
[ SIGHS ]
HERE YOU GO.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
MOM,
I'M GONNA GO.
WHY DON'T WE STAY TOGETHER
FOR A LITTLE BIT?
MOM?
GO ON.
[ SCOFFS ]
STILL GIVING YOU
THE SILENT TREATMENT?
SHE'S GOING
FOR THE RECORD.
YEAH, WELL,
SHE HAS TO ACCEPT THE FACT
THAT HER PARENTS
ARE PEOPLE WHO MAKE MISTAKES,
JUST LIKE
EVERYONE ELSE.
YEAH, RIGHT.
DADDY,
CAN I GET SOME COTTON CANDY?
YEAH. SURE.
HERE.
MM.
YOU SEE IT?
COME ON.
IT'S HAPPENING.
YEAH, WELL,
WE'RE NOT GONNA HIDE.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
UH...
OH...
AAH!
YOU OKAY?
I WANT CIDER.
DO YOU SEE LISA?
LISA!
HE'S RIGHT HERE.
OH!
IT'S OKAY.
I CAN'T TAKE MY EYES OFF HIM
FOR ONE SECOND.
BLUE WALL CIDER.
OH, OF COURSE.
OF COURSE.
THE CIDER STAND'S
USUALLY BY THE BLUE WALL.
OHH.
WELL,
THAT'S WHY HE GOT LOST.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE ME
FOR CIDER, MATTY?
YEAH, WHY DON'T YOU DO THAT,
MATTY?
LET'S GO.
THERE YOU GO.
I'LL BE BACK.
OH, THANK YOU.
HEY.
MAN, THAT KID
LIKES HIS CIDER, HUH?
THE SINGLES SCENE
IS DEAD.
OH, WAIT, WAIT,
WAIT, WAIT.
OOH.
I SPOKE TOO SOON.
THERE'S A HOTTIE WITH A BODY
AT YOUR 10.
OH,
I KNOW HER.
YOU KNOW HER?!
YEAH,
HER NAME'S ALLISON.
SHE'S IN NATALIE'S CLASS.
SHE'S 16.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
I'M GOING TO HELL.
Christy:
THE RICHARDSONS ARE HERE.
I'M GONNA GET
A SNACK.
LET'S GO SAY HI.
[ BEN SIGHS ]
IGNORE HIM.
HEY, BEN, WHY DON'T YOU COME
AND JOIN US OVER HERE?
HEY, JOE.
GOOD TO SEE YOU OUT.
NICE TO SEE YOU AGAIN,
CHRISTY.
WE WERE
JUST LEAVING.
GOING SO SOON,
KEV?
[ SIGHS ]
CHRISTY, BEN,
IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE YOU BOTH.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS.
YOU, TOO.
BYE.
Vanessa: I WOULDN'T
TAKE IT PERSONALLY.
THAT MAN'S JUST
NATURALLY ANTI-SOCIAL.
I SUPPOSE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'M USED TO IT.
Craig: OW!
Abby: THAT'S NOT TRUE!
TAKE IT BACK!
OW! YOU HURT ME!
YOU'RE A LIAR!
TAKE IT BACK!
DID NOT!
Abby: THAT'S NOT TRUE!
ABBY!
IT'S NOT MY FAULT.
WHAT HAPPENED?
CRAIG'S A LIAR.
WE -- WE WERE JUST
KIDDING AROUND,
AND THEN SHE WENT ALL CRAZY
AND PUSHED ME.
YOU CAN'T JUST GO AROUND
HITTING PEOPLE, YOUNG LADY.
THANKS, MAN.
I'LL -- I'LL DEAL
WITH MY DAUGHTER.
WHAT HAPPENED?
DID YOU PUSH HIM?
HE CALLED YOU
A "BABY KILLER."
THAT'S NOT OKAY.
CRAIG, YOU APOLOGIZE TO ABBY
RIGHT NOW.
BUT YOU SAID IT --
NOW.
I'M SORRY.
ABBY.
DAD...
I'M SORRY.
YOU SHOULDN'T SAY THINGS
LIKE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE HE HEARD IT.
GO.
[ SIGHS ]
LET'S GO.
[ CRICKETS CHIRPING ]
[ PANTING ]
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
I KNOW EXACTLY...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
UM, DETECTIVE CORNELL
WANTS A RECEIPT
FROM THE FLASHLIGHT
I BOUGHT YOU,
BUT THE FILES ARE IN THE CABINET
AND IT'S LOCKED.
ISN'T SCOTT MURPHY
IN CUSTODY?
I'M NOT AT LIBERTY TO SHARE THE
DETAILS OF THE CASE WITH YOU.
BEN, SHE SAID THE RECEIPT COULD
HELP ELIMINATE YOU AS A SUSPECT.
IF THE MODEL OF YOUR FLASHLIGHT
IS DIFFERENT
THAN THE ONE FORENSICS INDICATES
WAS THE MURDER WEAPON,
THEN YOU'RE
OFF THE HOOK.
DON'T YOU NEED
A SEARCH WARRANT?
ONLY IF YOU'RE UNWILLING
TO COOPERATE.
THE PROBLEM IS,
IF I COME BACK HERE WITH A
WARRANT AND CSIs AND DETECTIVES,
THE PRESS IS JUST GONNA FILM
THE WHOLE THING.
AND NO MATTER
HOW I TRY TO PROTECT YOU,
THEY'RE NOT
GONNA LISTEN.
THOSE HYENAS
WILL JUST KEEP ROLLING
AND LET THE PICTURE
TELL THE STORY.
WE APPRECIATE YOU TAKING
ALL THAT INTO CONSIDERATION.
BEN, DO YOU KNOW
WHERE THE KEY IS?
YEAH.
IT'S RIGHT HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
HERE WE GO.
YOU OKAY,
MR. CRAWFORD?
YOU'RE SWEATING.
YEAH, I JUST
CAME BACK FROM A RUN.
IT'S NICE YOU CAN KEEP UP
WITH YOUR ROUTINE.
MOST PEOPLE WOULDN'T.
Christy: I KNOW
IT'S IN HERE SOMEWHERE.
WELL, I DON'T WANT TO TAKE UP
TOO MUCH OF YOUR TIME.
I CAN DO THAT FOR YOU
IF IT'S EASIER.
THANK YOU.
Christy: NO, I HAVE NO CLUE
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
PLEASE.
EVERY TIME I TURN MY BACK,
YOU'RE HELPING THAT WOMAN
TRY TO PUT ME AWAY.
HAVE YOU
LOST YOUR MIND?
SHE THINKS I KILLED TOM!
YOU UNDERSTAND?!
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
YOU'RE INNOCENT.
THE MORE WE COOPERATE,
THE SOONER SHE'S GONNA SEE THAT.
[ SIGHS ]
THAT'S SO NAIVE.
THERE ARE COUNTLESS STORIES
OF INNOCENT MEN
BEING EXONERATED
DECADES AFTER BEING IN PRISON,
SOMETIMES AFTER
THEY WERE EXECUTED!
SHE IS
A HOMICIDE DETECTIVE.
SHE'S LOOKING AT EVERY POSSIBLE
ANGLE TO SOLVE TOM'S MURDER.
HE WAS YOUR SON.
I WOULD THINK YOU WOULD FEEL
SOME RESPONSIBILITY TO HELP HER.
THAT WASN'T FAIR.
WHAT IS?
[ SIGHS ]
CHRISTY,
I'VE SCREWED UP...
A LOT.
BUT I NEED YOU
TO STAND BY ME ON THIS,
AND IF
YOU WON'T DO IT FOR ME,
THEN CAN YOU PLEASE DO IT
FOR OUR GIRLS?
YES,
OF COURSE.
I AM.
AND I WILL.
I'M LATE.
I HAVE TO GO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
BEN CRAWFORD.
FENTON: Mr. Crawford,
I've got a job for you.
REALLY?
Yeah.
You available
in the near future?
YES,
I'M AVAILABLE.
I'LL TRY NOT TO GET UNDERFOOT,
BUT I WORK AT HOME, SO I'M HERE.
Ben: WHAT KIND OF WORK
DO YOU DO?
I'M A RESEARCHER.
I USED TO BE ON STAFF AT ONE
OF THOSE BIG, ESTABLISHED FIRMS,
BUT THAT WENT AWAY,
SO...
NOW JOB TO JOB.
I KNOW
HOW THAT IS.
YEAH.
AND, MAN, IT MUST BE TOUGH
GETTING WORK
WITH YOUR FACE
ALL OVER THE NEWS.
YEAH, I'M, UH, I'M REAL GRATEFUL
YOU WEREN'T SCARED OFF, SO...
BELIEVE ME,
I GET IT.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN WE WERE GETTING DIVORCED,
MY EX --
SHE SUDDENLY REMEMBERED
THAT I
SEXUALLY ASSAULTED HER.
MM.
YEAH.
ONE OF THOSE NIGHTMARE
CUSTODY FIGHTS YOU HEAR ABOUT.
I'M SORRY.
YEAH.
I FOUND OUT RIGHT THEN HOW FAST
PEOPLE RUSH TO JUDGMENT.
IT'S LIKE I WOKE UP ONE DAY
AND SUDDENLY, I WAS THE BAD GUY.
YOU KNOW?
IT'S PRETTY SURREAL.
YEAH.
BAD AS IT IS FOR ME,
I CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW TERRIBLE
IT WAS FOR YOU
TO FIND THAT LITTLE BOY
OUT THERE.
THAT MUST HAVE BEEN AWFUL
FOR YOU.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OH,
I'M SORRY.
I-I WASN'T THINKING.
HEY,
LET ME HELP YOU DOWN.
I'M ALL RIGHT,
MAN.
Y-YOU HEAR SO MUCH
ABOUT A S-STORY IN THE NEWS,
AND YOU FORGET
THAT REAL PEOPLE ARE INVOLVED.
I JUST HAVE TO GO
PICK UP MY DAUGHTER.
RIGHT.
OF COURSE.
A-AND I'M SORRY...
AGAIN.
[ THUNDER CRASHES ]
[ BREATHING DEEPLY ]
I BOUGHT THIS FOR YOU.
IT'S JUST LIKE THE ONE I HAD
WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.
BACK WHEN
I GOT MY FIRST BIKE...
YOU WOULDN'T TAKE IT OUT OF
THE GARAGE WITHOUT ONE OF THESE.
[ BELL RINGS ]
I WAS SAVING IT TO GIVE TO YOU
FOR CHRISTMAS
TO GO WITH THE BIG-BOY BIKE
YOUR MOM WAS GONNA GET YOU.
IT WAS JUST SITTING THERE
IN MY TRUCK.
FORGOT I EVEN HAD IT.
MERRY CHRISTMAS,
LITTLE MAN.
Scott:
I HEAR YOU SAY THAT,
AND I ASK MYSELF,
"IS THAT GRIEF? OR GUILT?"
THEY LET YOU OUT?
I HAD AN ALIBI.
[ RADIO CHATTER ]
WELL, THEN WHY DIDN'T YOU
COME FORWARD?
MY ALIBI
WAS NICOLE,
AND I DIDN'T WANT
TO HURT JESS.
OR YOU DIDN'T WANT THE MPs
TO FIND YOU.
[ SCOFFS ]
SO BRAVE
WHEN THEY'RE WATCHING.
PEOPLE LIKE YOU, BUDDY,
HAVE NO IDEA.
IN WORLD WAR II, GUYS SAW
40 DAYS IN COMBAT THE WHOLE WAR.
IN IRAQ,
I DID 310 MY FIRST TOUR ALONE.
I'VE DONE FOUR ROTATIONS.
THE BRASS WAS PLANNING A FIFTH.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I COULDN'T DO IT ANYMORE,
SO I WENT AWOL.
I COULDN'T GO
TO MY OWN SON'S FUNERAL.
I DIDN'T KILL TOM.
I HOPE NOT.
[ SIGHS ]
FOR YOUR SAKE,
I HOPE NOT.
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH,
I KNOW HE WAS YOUR SON.
I'M SORRY
FOR YOUR LOSS.
[ CRICKETS CHIRPING ]
WHAT IS IT?
[ SIGHS ]
BEN,
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHAT IS IT?
SCOTT DIDN'T DO IT.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
HE DIDN'T KILL TOM.
YES.
OF COURSE HE DID.
THERE'S NO WAY.
HE HAD TO.
CORNELL LET HIM GO.
WHY?
WHY WOULD SHE LET HIM GO?
HE HAD AN ALIBI!
THEN WHO DID THIS?
WHO WOULD DO THIS...
I DON'T KNOW.
...TO MY LITTLE BOY?
I HAVE TO KNOW!
I NEED TO KNOW!
I DON'T KNOW.
CAN'T JUST LIVE NOT KNOWING
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY SON!
WHAT IF
THEY NEVER FIND OUT?
I WILL FIND OUT.
I'LL FIND OUT,
AND THEY'RE GONNA PAY.
DO YOU PROMISE ME?
YES.
I PROMISE.
[ SHOWER RUNNING ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
I'M HOME.
[ SHOWER STOPS ]
CAN YOU
HAND ME MY CLOTHES?
THANKS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
THOSE EARRINGS
ARE REALLY GREAT.
THANKS.
SO, WHERE ARE YOU
GOING TONIGHT?
A BUSINESS DINNER.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[ SCOFFS ]
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO ASK ME?
YOU GONNA KEEP IT?
KEEP WHAT?
WELL, SINCE I KNOW
I'M NOT THE FATHER...
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
...MAYBE YOU WANT
TO KEEP THIS ONE.
OKAY. UH...
I SEE
HOW YOU GOT THERE.
BUT YOU'RE WRONG.
WHY DO YOU
HAVE THE TEST?
I'VE NEVER
CHEATED ON YOU.
THEN WHY
WAS IT IN THE BAG?
LOOK, I KNOW
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
AND I'M SORRY,
BUT I AM NOT PREPARED
TO HAVE THIS CONVERSATION
RIGHT NOW.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU SERIOUSLY THINK
YOU'RE GONNA WALK OUT NOW?!
THIS IS
A LONGER CONVERSATION.
I AM HAVING DINNER WITH THE
PARTNERS AND POTENTIAL CLIENTS.
I DON'T CARE.
YOU SHOULD.
WE NEED THE MONEY.
SCREW THE MONEY.
WE NEED
TO TALK ABOUT THIS RIGHT NOW.
WE WILL TALK ABOUT THIS
WHEN I GET HOME.
[ HUMMING ]
WHAT, AM I TOO LOUD?
WHAT IS IT?
WHAT HAPPENED?
[ SIGHS ]
MY FLASHLIGHT
CAME BACK.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT?
IT -- IT FELL OUT OF THE TRUCK
WHEN I OPENED IT.
OKAY. [ SIGHS ]
YOU DIDN'T MISS IT
THE FIRST TIME YOU LOOKED?
SOMEBODY PUT IT THERE.
OKAY.
I THOUGHT
IT WAS SCOTT.
UH-HUH.
HE GOT INTO THE HOUSE SO EASY,
WHY NOT THE TRUCK, RIGHT?
THAT MAKES SENSE.
YEAH, IT DID,
UNTIL I FOUND OUT
THAT SCOTT DIDN'T KILL TOM.
WHAT ARE YOU TELLING ME?
SO HE NEVER
HAD THE FLASHLIGHT.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW IF THE
FLASHLIGHT IS THE MURDER WEAPON?
IT IS.
UH-HUH.
OKAY.
YOU DIDN'T TOUCH IT,
DID YOU?
I'M NOT STUPID.
I WIPED IT OFF.
EINSTEIN,
THAT'S CALLED TAMPERING, OKAY?
IT'S A FELONY.
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH.
THE LEAST
OF MY WORRIES.
OH, MAN.
THAT IS
REALLY STRANGE
THAT THEY BROUGHT IT BACK
TO YOUR TRUCK, THOUGH.
REALLY?
YOU THINK?
I'M JUST SAYING
THAT THEY COULD HAVE BROUGHT IT
TO THE COPS, YOU KNOW?
THAT'S WHAT NORMAL PEOPLE
WOULD DO.
WHAT?
GOT TO GET RID OF IT.
HOW?
SOMEONE IS TRYING
TO SET ME UP.
IF I LEAVE HERE
TO GET RID OF IT,
THEY'RE WATCHING ME,
CORNELL GETS A TIP,
I GET PULLED OVER
WITH THE MURDER WEAPON.
[ SIGHS ]
I'LL DO IT.
I'LL GET RID OF IT.
I-I-I'LL DO IT.
NO WAY.
I-I-I'D NEVER ASK YOU
TO DO THAT.
ANYWAY,
IT'S IN A SAFE PLACE.
YOU SURE?
OKAY.
IN THAT CASE, CAN WE WATCH
THE PANTHERS GAME IN THE HOUSE?
BECAUSE CHRISTY WENT OUT TO
HER FANCY DINNER MEETING, RIGHT?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
WHERE CHRISTY WENT?
[ LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ]
OKAY, HERE'S THE THING.
IF YOUR BATHROOM WINDOW
IS OPEN,
THEN I CAN HEAR
EVERY SINGLE --
WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME THAT SOONER?
UH...
ALL RIGHT, WHATEVER.
WHAT DID YOU HEAR?
I'M NOT ONE
TO OFFER UP UNSOLICITED ADVICE,
BUT SINCE YOU ASKED,
I DO NOT THINK
THAT CHRISTY IS CHEATING ON YOU.
THANKS.
OKAY, I'M JUST SAYING.
I DON'T THINK
IT'S HER TEST, BROTHER.
THEN WHOSE IS IT?
OKAY, SHERLOCK,
PROCESS OF ELIMINATION.
IT'S NOT MINE, IT'S NOT YOURS,
IT'S NOT ABBY'S...
IT AIN'T CHRISTY'S...
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT. BREATHE IT OUT.
BREATHE IT OUT, BROTHER.
NATALIE!
SHE'S NOT HERE.
WHERE IS SHE?
YOU TOLD ME
TO RESPECT HER PRIVACY.
THIS IS DIFFERENT.
I WON'T GET MAD
AT YOU.
HONEY, THIS IS ABOUT
YOUR SISTER'S SAFETY.
I WILL NOT GET MAD.
SHE WENT
TO COOPER'S PARTY.
[ STOMPS FOOT ]
YOU SAID
YOU WOULDN'T GET MAD.
I SAID THAT I WOULDN'T GET MAD
AT YOU.
DO YOU KNOW
WHERE COOPER LIVES?
SWEETHEART,
I PROMISE I WON'T BE MAD.
I'M 85% SURE
HE TOTALLY MEANS IT.
IS THAT
NATALIE'S LAPTOP?
YOU PROMISED.
IT'S LIKE THE NSA.
Dave:
HEY, HEY, HEY.
OKAY.
MAYBE YOU WANT
TO COUNT TO 10 FIRST.
WAIT WITH ABBY.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING, LAUGHTER ]
[ LOUD DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ]
HEY!
DAMN!
[ ALL CHEER ]
NATALIE!
DAD?
LET'S GO.
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
NO, GET OUT --
I'M TAKING
MY DAUGHTER HOME.
I HATE YOU.
I'LL GET USED TO IT.
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO GO.
GET OUT OF MY FACE.
[ CROWD MURMURS ]
Natalie: NO!
YOU COME NEAR MY DAUGHTER AGAIN,
AND I WILL KILL YOU.
GO OUTSIDE
AND GET IN THE TRUCK.
I AM NOT
GOING ANYWHERE WITH YOU.
YOU GO OUTSIDE
RIGHT NOW!
OR WHAT?
ARE YOU GONNA KILL ME, TOO?
Dave:
OH, MAN.
NAT-- NATALIE,
COME HERE.
THAT'S ENOUGH.
LITTLE DRUNK.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SHE'S JUST A LITTLE DRUNK.
THERE'S NO WAY
I'M GOING ANYWHERE WITH HIM.
NATALIE...
I AM NOT GETTING
IN THAT TRUCK WITH YOU.
FINE.
DAVE'LL TAKE YOU.
WHAT,
ARE YOU GONNA WALK?
DAD.
DADDY.
I WANT
TO GO WITH YOU.
DAD?
YEAH?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH NATALIE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST WANT THINGS TO GO BACK
TO THE WAY THEY USED TO BE.
[ ENGINE TURNS OVER ]
SO DO I, MONKEY.
SO DO I.
ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
Ben: I KNOW
IT WAS NATALIE'S.
I WANTED
TO TELL YOU.
YOU SHOULD'VE.
I NEVER MEANT
FOR YOU TO FIND OUT THIS WAY.
I NEED TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH MY KIDS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
[ SIGHS ]
LOOK, SHE ONLY TOLD ME BECAUSE
I PROMISED I WOULDN'T TELL YOU.
OUR KIDS
ARE SO LUCKY
TO HAVE TWO PARENTS
WHO CARE SO MUCH ABOUT THEM,
PARENTS WHO WANT TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON IN THEIR LIVES
SO THEY CAN ACT
BEFORE SOMETHING COMES ALONG
THAT THEY CAN'T FIX.
BEN...
THERE WAS NOTHING
YOU COULD DO.
I DIDN'T PROTECT HIM.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS YOUR JOB.
I HATE
WHAT HAPPENED TO TOM.
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO US.
I HATE WHAT IT'S GONNA DO
TO OUR GIRLS.
WELL, THERE'S NOT ANYTHING WE
CAN DO TO CHANGE THAT RIGHT NOW.
I THINK YOU SHOULD START
SLEEPING IN OUR BEDROOM AGAIN.
ABBY'S ASKING QUESTIONS.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
IT'S OKAY.
I JUST NEED TO SPEAK
WITH MR. CRAWFORD.
I THINK
I'LL STAY.
[ LOUD DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ]
Natalie: NO!
Ben: YOU COME NEAR MY DAUGHTER
AGAIN, AND I WILL KILL YOU.
GO OUTSIDE
AND GET IN THE TRUCK.
I'M GUESSING
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THE 50 TEENAGERS
FILMING YOU?
IT'S UNFORTUNATE
YOU PICKED THAT MOMENT
TO ASSAULT AND THREATEN TO KILL
YOUR DAUGHTER'S BOYFRIEND.
I NEED A STATEMENT
FROM MR. LINDSEY.
I'LL GET DAVE
FOR YOU.
THANK YOU.
MM.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ Yawning ]
WHAT UP, G?
HEY, MAN, UH,
CORNELL'S BACK.
THERE WAS A VIDEO
POSTED ON YouTube.
YOU TELLING ME SOME DOUCHE-LING
CAUGHT YOU ON HIS CELLIE?
WHY THE HELL
DOES THAT ALWAYS HAPPEN?
SHE WANTS
YOUR STATEMENT.
HEY, I DIDN'T
SEE NOTHING, MAN.
AS MUCH AS I MIGHT NEED YOU
TO LIE FOR ME AT A LATER DATE,
IT'S PROBABLY BETTER
YOU TELL THE TRUTH.
[ SIGHS ]
COME ON.
OW.
WHAT? WHAT?
HEY, MAN.
HEY, HEY.
OH, WHOA.
I-I-IT'S NOT
WHAT YOU THINK, ALL RIGHT?
LISTEN -- LISTEN,
SHE WAS DRUNK, BROTHER.
I WANT YOU
OUT OF MY HOUSE NOW!!
YOU DON'T MEAN IT. COME ON.
NOW!!
YOU -- HEY!
I DON'T?
I DON'T NEED --
LISTEN TO ME!
YOU BETTER GO,
MAN.
I SWEAR TO GOD, MAN.
COME ON. COME ON, COME ON.
YOU KNOW THAT I WOULD
NEVER, NEVER DO ANYTHING
LIKE THAT. PLEASE. PLEASE.
GET OUT
OF MY HOUSE.
BRO.
BRO, CALM DOWN.
GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!
I SWEAR TO YOU!
I SWEAR TO YOU.
I SWEAR TO YOU,
I DIDN'T DO NOTHING, OKAY?
I-I'M BEGGING YOU,
PLEASE.
YOU'RE MAKING
A REALLY BIG MISTAKE HERE.
BIGGEST MISTAKE I EVER MADE
WAS HAVING YOU FOR A FRIEND!
YOU NEED A RIDE,
MR. LINDSEY?
SURE.
GO!
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH.
YEAH,
I GUESS I DO.
Cornell: I'M GONNA NEED
TO GET SOMETHING TO EAT.
YOU MIND
IF WE STOP ON THE WAY?
YEAH,
I COULD EAT.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]